#Level 6-7

Objective: The password for the next level is stored somewhere on the server and has all of the following properties:

owned by user bandit7
owned by group bandit6
33 bytes in size

Solution: For this part of the lab, since the password isn't located in a specific file location but somewhere on the entirety of the server, the best method to snuff it out is to use the 'find' command.
However simply writing the 'find' command with 'find . etc' won't cut it since the fullstop is used for file locations and not server side actions. So the best method I learned is to use the '/' instead of a fullstop.
So the command was 'find / -size 33c -group bandit6 -user bandit7' and then there will be a plethora of outputs which show 'Permission Denied' and so on, from these outputs we need to find the single one with the correct
location and no permissions denied. And upon finding the filepath we simply paste it and throw in the 'cat' command to get the password. There are 2 screenshots to show the files of permission denied and how to find the password.

#Level 7-8

Objective: The password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt next to the word millionth

Solution: Since we already have the name of the file, a basic grep command can work here with 'grep "millionth" data.txt' to get the answer. However if we have MULTIPLE files to find a needle in a haystack scenario,
another trick I learnt was to use the find command in conjunction with grep. So the command will look like 'find . -type f -exec grep "millionth" {} +' , where -exec acts as a bridge between the find and grep commands
as it searches through all files searching for that one specific keyword.

#Level 8-9

Objective: The password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt and is the only line of text that occurs only once

Solution: For this level the best way to find a unique word in the list of words that exist in data.txt is to use a combo of the sort and uniq commands. So upon further learning, 'sort data.txt | uniq -u' is the command
that I had come to understand to use.

#Level 9-10

Objective: The password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt in one of the few human-readable strings, preceded by several ‘=’ characters.

